This feels very much to me like my middle aged version of the book "Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret". I am trying not to look like a lunatic in public online amidst important prestigious postdoc applications this year. I also have lost faith that filing a FBI tip report is effective, as I have clearly been dismissed too easily before. I reach out this way to you because I picked up listening to your podcast last year that you read the "Fuck Trump!!!" diatribe I have on the GitHub issues pages for my "hacker" phone app. The following subposting is relevant and dated from approximately 12AM EST on 3/1/2021:

https://github.com/maxieds/ChameleonMiniLiveDebugger/issues/26#issuecomment-787658295

I stopped working on my Mac at around 2AM, ingesting a mere two shots of cheap, thin-proof watermelon vodka. I have an impression that I was slipped an intoxicating drug that induces memory and coordination impairment (if we will posit that to be correct, just for the moment). I went out to smoke ending up in the front of my campus apartment building for nearly an hour. In the process, I was kissed after getting hockey checked by a soul resembling a chubby romantic interest from years ago at UIUC. I still know I was accosted that way by a sequence of tall overweight reddish-blondish haired men due to calling out Trump in the posting hours earlier about: 1) the insurrection being the same tactic the Nazis used to take control of Germany in 1933 (effectively codifying in electronic print the obvious analog of DJT to Hitler); and 2) origins of where the oft-praised, yet lesser understood even by most undereducated white men in the electorate that forms his base, acronym "MAGA" refers to (e.g., minimally slavery). At one point the man with the particularly filthy attitude and larger than life persona was dressed in blackish-blue uniform with only a misshapen star badge with rounded points. He was armed with a loaded gun in a holster by his side (no other GTPD accoutrements on him) when he bent over me to whisper in my ear from behind. I pointed across the street at the woods and said something to the effect of "Look, they will f*cking KILL you [What are you f*cking stupid? Get the hell out of here!]" to convey that a sniper rifle was positioned for Trump coming to town and his planned end-of-February triumph rally in ATL. He looked up, backed off, then left to change into faded long-sleeve plaid button-down and khaki lecturer garb before returning to harass me again at a greater physical distance. He knew me, insomuch as he alluded to an irritating conversation years ago related to my spontaneously tongue-tied speech being deplorably slurred due to my drinking habits. He finally left angry that he was unsuccessful at intimidating me. The evil, nasty, cocky man looked superficially like the obnoxious voice-cracking dorks Jason/his twin brother of UIUC folklore. I also perceive he is duller around the edges in mindset than the elite hacker men would be in that situation (anti-clever pseudo-intellectualisms only poorly articulated ad nauseam, anyone).

THE POINT: Can you probe around to determine whether it could have been (the real) Trump armed in disguise as a campus police officer there with me outside the morning after CPAC-2021? A narcissist is reactive that way, especially if someone as powerful as the first black POTUSA was in-the-know and attune to my recent topical posting. I'd imagine that would tick him off enough to hop on a midnight Concord jet to the next state over. Asking how HE manages to get away with it is clearly rhetorical, right?
