Dear Miss Pelosi and Staffers,

I do not have a particular agenda with this message. I just wanted to write and say that the transition back to Democrats running the country has perked me up. Over the last 1.5 years or so I have had an anti-Semitic hacker stalk and threaten me online, I have been threatened to receive COVID-19 in the postal mail via a special request by former President Trump on Twitter as though it were a Bush-era anthrax threat (which, mind you, I reported to the federal government at the time with corroborating evidence immediately last summer), all along with my duties as a Ph.D. candidate in Atlanta about to be graduating in a year or so. 

I received a nod as apparently one of the top applicants for a prestigious graduate mathematics internship to work on problems with the NSA this summer. Unfortunately, I feel that the previous administration blocked my clearance for speaking out about the antics of Donald Trump on my personal GitHub software platform (I do "HACK" myself, working on free open-source software, and contribute my work publicly, which would seem to give some substance to my postings online about the topic). I also might have been one of the most vociferous ranters about the RNC YouTube scheme by which they serviced an unsolicited advertisement on the site, and then subsequently began to track all recipients by unique ID number ("cookie" if you will) on the application (there was also a "viral" scheme by the RNC following that survey in early 2020 over an XTLocal script installed on some GMail servers that I wrote about publicly... 

I was for those reasons it seems to me turned down a top level clearance to work on topics up to and including sensitive cryptography and number theory with the NSA. The reason cited was that I ingested medicinal marijuana in the state of Florida during Thanksgiving with my sister (exactly twice, while intoxicated on alcohol at the time). Usually, and in particular, according to my advisers at GA Tech, they forgive the two times that slipped in instances like this. I, on the other hand, was targeted and denied the ability to serve my country with the math I do so well this year over a minor infraction by Trump's dictatorial administration. Is there anything your office can do to look into this issue? I know senator Schumer has recently introduced legislation to federal decriminalize and eventually legalize Cannabis at the federal level.

We really do not have enough excellent mathematicians and scientists in this country as it is. Is my drunken "joint" fodder really worth it to prevent me from doing top-notch research at the federal level? I think this is absurd. Thanks for listening if nothing else comes of this... "Long time listener, big fan!" of the Democratic way of life that I thought would prevail in this country, at any rate. 

MDS

Dear Senator Reverend Warnock,

I am writing to say that the transition back to Democrats running the country has perked me up these last six months or so. Over the last 1.5 years or so I have had an anti-Semitic hacker stalk and threaten me online while living in ATL, I have been threatened to receive COVID-19 in the postal mail via a special request by former President Trump on Twitter as though it were a Bush-era threat (which I reported to the federal government at the time with corroborating evidence immediately last summer), all along with my duties as a Ph.D. candidate in Atlanta about to be graduating in a year or so. 

I received a nod as one of the top applicants for a prestigious graduate mathematics internship to work with the NSA this summer. Unfortunately, I feel that the previous administration blocked my clearance for speaking out about the antics of Donald Trump on my personal GitHub software platform (I do "hack" myself, working frequently on free open-source software, and contribute my work publicly, which would seem to give some substance to my postings online about the topic). I also might have been one of the most vociferous ranters in online hacker-oriented posts about the RNC YouTube scheme by which they serviced an unsolicited advertisement on the site, and then subsequently began to track all recipients by unique ID number ("cookie" if you will) on the application. There was also a "viral" scheme by the RNC following that survey in early 2020 over an XTLocal script installed on some GMail servers that I wrote about publicly there. This is all to say that I believe I have substantially "pissed off" the "Trump-ster" and his company earning that badge of civic honor the entire way with honest and ethical discourse on the subject matter. My concern is that there was retribution to be had at my expense over writing ill of the activities of the prior presidential administration with my ability to still speak freely online on these topics.

I was for those reasons it seems to me turned down a top-level clearance to work on topics up to and including sensitive cryptography and number theory with the NSA. The reason cited was that I ingested medicinal marijuana in the state of Florida during Thanksgiving with my sister (exactly twice last fall). Usually, and in particular, according to my advisers at GA Tech, they forgive the two times that slipped in instances like this. I, on the other hand, was targeted and denied the ability to serve my country with the math I do so well this year over a very minor infraction. I took the hint that the deadline to apply for the internship clearance was intentionally left open to two days after President Biden was inaugurated. That time frame would not have allowed me to complete the tedious application in a timely manner. The NSA office also warned that waiting to fill out the requisite forms to ensure employment with them would have jeopardized my position with them as it may get filled sooner by another qualified applicant by the time Biden took office. 

We really do not have enough excellent mathematicians and scientists in this country as it is. Is this really worth while as a barrier to prevent me from doing top-notch research at the federal level? Is there anything your office can do to look into this issue? Please let me know by having a staffer reach out to me in your home district about what happened. 

Thank you, very graciously. 

MDS