I am applying for a position with the NSA in the summer of 2021 as Ph.D. candidate in mathematics at the Georgia Institute of Technology (GATech). I plan on graduating after the spring semester of 2022. I have previously obtained two B.S. degrees in mathematics and computer science (2012), and a thesis-based M.S. degree in computer science (2014) from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). 

I have had a long road to this point with multiple disability-related needs to take prolonged time away from my formal academic studies. During these times away from a university setting I have kept myself engaged in intellectual work in both math and computer science with research in pure math and software projects that combine a number of areas I am interested in working within. My first time away from UIUC from approximately 2005-2009 led me to publish my first peer-reviewed journal article in 2010. The projects I found myself engaged in over this personally troublesome time period also led me to the Barry Goldwater scholarship in 2010 at UIUC as an applying sophomore student. My time away from formal studies from approximately 2015-2017 before I re-enrolled in the Ph.D. program at GATech was filled with more original research time for me to develop my own work in pure math. Over the past few years, I have had nearly 19 peer-reviewed articles published and I hope to continue on to more when I graduate. The journals I have published in include the Journal of Number Theory, Acta Arithmetica, the American Mathematical Monthly, and several co-authored works in the Ramanujan Journal. 

More recently, I have also found a unique newer interest in security projects related to penetration testing with embedded logger devices over the NFC protocol. I now have an open source Android logger application for the semi-standard Chameleon Mini boards which has nearly 500 active users on the Google Play Store where the application requires an expensive hardware device to run for a targeted user base. I have worked on free lance software engineering projects related to this technology that include creating custom libraries and Chameleon Mini firmware modifications working with embedded AVR chips in Java, C and assembly. My most recent project here is the implementation of an open source Chameleon device firmware "mod" that enables emulation of the common, though specification-wise sophisticated, family of DESFire NFC tags. This has been a challenging project combining knowlegde of the NFC protocol, embedded software, and applied cryptography that pushes the limits of what is possible with these devices. I have received funding and endorsement to work on the project over the Summer and Fall of 2020 at GATech.

I feel that I have a lot that I can bring to the table working at the NSA. This program will provide me an opportunity to gain professional skills and development apart from my active academic program. Thank you for considering my application!

=================


I am applying for a position with the NSA in the summer of 2021 as Ph.D. candidate in Mathematics at the Georgia Institute of Technology (GATech). I plan on graduating after the spring semester of 2022. I have previously obtained two B.S. degrees in mathematics and computer science (2012), and a thesis-based M.S. degree in computer science (2014) from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC).

These dates indicate a prolonged period away from formal academic studies, related to disability issues. As personally trying as that period was, during that period, I developed both research interests in both number theoretic mathematics and computer science. I published my first peer-reviewed mathematics journal article in 2010, and now have a total of 19  papers, exploring on topics in number theory and enumerative combinatorics with an emphasis on generating function methods, continued fractions, software development, and experimental mathematics. The journals I have published in include the Journal of Number Theory, Acta Arithmetica, the American Mathematical Monthly, and the Ramanujan Journal. This year, I will be submitting an application note with my RA superviser, Professor Christine Heitsch, to Bioinformatics to document an open source GUI-based software tool that I have updated and written the last couple of years while at GATech. The application, RNAStructViz, is a graphical program for computational biology that facilitates visual comparisions of RNA secondary structures. 

While in Graduate School, I have developed an interest in security protocols on embedded logger devices that interact with NFC tags such as swipe cards for entry to buildings. A Chameleon Mini board is an NFC emulation tool that can be used to replace NFC tags or log transactions with external NFC devices. My open source Android logger application for the Chameleon boards has nearly 500 active users on the Google Play Store. My most recent project here is the implementation of an open source Chameleon Mini device firmware "mod" that enables emulation of DESFire NFC tags. These tags are common, but implementation is an interesting mix of applied cryptography and pushing the limits of the integrated AVR chips on the Chameleon Mini. The challenge to the project is to combine  knowledge of the NFC protocol, low-level embedded software, and applied cryptography while working with a small memory footprint on these boards. I have received funding and endorsement to work on the project over the Summer and Fall of 2020 at GATech.

With my background in pure mathematics, software engineering, and implementation on low power hardware, I have a range of skills that I would like to further develop in the NSA program.  Thank you for considering my application.