SUBJECT: Talk to "fake news" (CNN) for corroboration and evidence of Trumpian Era malfeasance

MESSAGE BODY (in PARTS):

Dear Former President Obama,

I am currently suffering from serotonin syndrome. The aftermath is very much like a prolonged concussion type brain injury. I should be fine in 3-5 weeks. The irresponsible medication combination that caused this is primarily due to prescriptions written for me by Dr. Shannon ("Ronald") Croft. He is an on-campus psychiatrist at GA Tech who quoted my F-Trump diatribes on GitHub (GH). In particular, he openly made fun of my being an ethically minded hacker that chooses to build things up rather than destroy them or bring them to the ground. Does US/GA State law call this actionable offense aggravated assault yet? The intent is clearly there. 

Pardon the harsh rhetoric, but family genealogy suggests that I am Native American (Cherokee; 3-4 generations removed from a chief) and Russian (hacking is in my blood, so to speak). I told these people (neo-Nazis, white supremacists) to get the hell off my continent over things like this. But no one listens to a woman like me (anymore, it seems). Good luck earning the requisite hacker stripes in PART-II ;) 

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22165688/93965040-14a6fe00-fd2f-11ea-8970-d84e81eb394e.png

[PAYLOAD ... forthcoming in PART-II]

[ ... PAYLOAD (PART-II) ... ]

I live next door to CNN/Turner HQ on campus in Atlanta. We have a direct fiber optic line from them (I believe) that does not go through the satellites. Have you, and Miss Pelosi, considered filing a federal injunction to make CNN hand over live footage broadcast over the last few years? I do not have enough cash for a big hard drive DVR right now. Would it make a difference if I did? 

I recall a few instances of live broadcasts I have witnessed on CNN now that I am unable to work, thinking over things, and ruminating. It seems like the right thing to do to mention this to a powerful former politician that dislikes Trump and his ilk clearly even more than I do. These incidents include the following:

(1) Live broadcast (cell phone stream?) footage of the insurrection this January. I recall seeing Trump and a general dressed in WWII era Nazi regalia. CNN reported that the VP narrowly escaped with his/her (family's) lives. Very little discourse as to why Pence would still want to run for office. Was this in reality Kamala/Doug Harris + secret service. This video was, to the best of my knowledge, not rebroadcast; 

(2) Jared in front of an easy-to-spot blue screen (pre video editing that ensued) trying to claim the impossibility of peace in the Middle East due to his initiatives, right before the election. Americans are, as a whole, dumber than we should be. Did anyone else fall for this garbage? 

(3) Biden giving his first press conference since being elected. He had beady, evil looking brown eyes. Was he on drugs? CNN pulled the broadcast minutes after I posted a (now responsibly removed) note on my F-Trump GH thread with an international audience to warn them about hacked satellite feeds, and to be wary accordingly. 

https://github.com/maxieds/InMemoryOfCrazyPrePandemicFlorida (private repo; FBI has my written tip consent to access) 
https://youtu.be/Cf9EXzz4sRo (the soundtrack to my week, "child of the 90's" style)