This is more than a hunch to me. I have a relationship with God and my soul moves me to do this. The details are plethoric and unpleasant. It wreaks of human trafficking and completely fits with the sociopath I have come into contact with since my late teenage years. I think it is perpetrated by the 2600 editor, and notorious underground phone phreaker, Lucky225. The man is a psychopath that is capable of slipping unwitting women hard drugs, blind siding and brutally raping, gang banging them and taping it for pleasure and profit. I have filed a couple of FBI reports about this vile, lowest form of neo-nazi life form on earth during the Trump administration. I hope that these days an investigation into his illicit underground hacking activities and affiliations will be taken seriously. In one of those past reports, which I assume are still unclassified and preserved this year, I raised my conclusion that the next closed-entry, large membership Twitter account is really just a venue for proliferation of underground pornography: https://twitter.com/jason_zych?lang=en. The members only Twitter page had over 1.3 million members at the time I reported it during Trump's tenure with the nation (now listed as only 242 members). This man is a really, really bad evil dude! He has also recently taken down Google-indexed links to a prolifically posted public pornography repository where he has videos of himself having sex at least with pornstars after I discovered the entry pages via search engine. He is not particularly careful with his attention to detail so that there is much more clearly waiting to be unearthed beneath the surface if only the investigators take the time to profile him. It behooves you to connect the dots and make a breakthrough connection to the underground black hat hacker element to the worst of what this world is capable of allowing to happen to innocent victims.

This is a copy of my concern this morning:
https://github.com/maxieds/GEyesThemes/releases/download/Codename-BackOrifice53/I.received.an.email.from.facebook.that.i.won.something.I.Think.It.s.Scam._.Facebook.Help.Community._.Facebook.pdf
https://www.facebook.com/help/community/question/?id=698964997527375

The way this man raped me and gamed the system to get away with prosecution even after I had a rape kit with fluid noted by the nurses in a Florida ER is described at the next link. What he made happen was to convince the presiding medical doctor that I need to be taken to the nearby psychiatric in-patient facility on grounds of a mandatory positive drug test for my routine ADHD prescription treatment that indicated an "amphetamine induced psychosis". This was engineered under Florida's notoriously permissive and widely abused Baker Act despite no prior records nor testimony available to the resident doctor nor mental illness counselor they had interview me after I was intravenously sedated and had fallen asleep (all while under the claimed heavy intoxication by amphetamine-based prescription stimulants). After I was taken for an abnormally long 9-day-long stay in the facility that night and given thiegh injections with follow-up oral antibiotics for underspecified "vaginitis", no forward investigation was performed by the police, a disgusting reality that happened out of my fear of being repossessed if I spoke up again, and the unwillingness of the close people around me to pursue charges or question all of the wrongdoings that occurred that night. I believe that this vicious and painful infection I suffered from due to being drugged and raped is the cause of my ovarian cyst diagnosis and newer chronic abdominal pain. For reference, I was first taken into a treatment by an in-patient facility in MO around 2005-2006 after I insisted on having a gynecological exam performed in an ER following my reporting having been raped via a landline home telephone. I recall seeing clear seminal fluid extracted during the procedure, but apparently no evidence was preserved for investigation. My freakishly photographically sharp memory lets me recall that the woman that performed the exam that year nearly identically resembles the senior-aged woman I saw him with and conclude is his maternal family on a beach in 2016. I was instantiated in the local "looney bin" afterwards, and effectively ever after into the mentally null and void category of the population after which point virtually anything can be done to you under state law by filing enough physician endorsed paperwork. My immediate family was asked at that point without me even being notified about these events whether they would legally consent to me being permanently committed to a mental hospital during that time period (they declined, I apparently recovered quickly). Here is the link corroborating hospital medical records of what they did to violate me more in Florida during the Summer of 2015:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mCzfaZgLtjKJOWPXHT5jaFfOG0h0mvIu/view?usp=sharing

The man has also attacked me online over the past few years, with the most pronounced attack being over Google Hangouts on my cell phone, where he used a swastika avatar and threatened to crucify and spit on me as the Romans did to Jesus Christ wearing a crown of thorns. A description of what happened and the surrounding details of how he brutally assaulted me are described at the following link:
https://github.com/maxieds/GEyesThemes/releases/tag/Codename-BackOrifice53

I suggest that you begin monitoring / surveilling the man via some initial starting point connections to what I have come to understand is his real-world identity using the next online and telecommunications contact points:
https://www.facebook.com/lucky225
630-638-0684
zychj@aimspecialtyhealth.com 
jason.zych@aimspecialtyhealth.com 
jzych3@gmail.com
jason.zych@gmail.com
zych@cs.uiuc.edu

Thank y'all at Biden's FBI. God Bless America.

----

ADDENDUM:
In the few hours since I drafted this tip document on my school-owned Mac desktop this morning, I received notice that Google has put a new policy in place to deny access to shared links except to those that have already viewed them while logged into Google (effective on 9/13/2021). I cannot find the link to disable these "security updates" to patch the pristine binary files currently available at those links anymore. I have paid my GitHub Premium subscription in full for at least the next year (2021-August 2022). The documents linked on Drive in this tip and within the FBI tip reports where I used links of this type to share over the course of the Trump regime of 2016-2020 are copied to https://github.com/maxieds/InMemoryOfCrazyPrePandemicFlorida. For the purposes of investigating federal jurisdiction type tragedies, massacres and other complaints lodged in between, e.g., Donald Trump directing to give *me* COVID-19 in the postal mail on Twitter for pissing him off using my freedom of speech exercised online over at GitHub, I give my express written consent to the Biden-Harris era FEDS to access the files in that private repository to facilitate their ongoing investigations. FUCK TRUMP!