There are two contending experiences with personnel at women's health (WH) today that I take issue with. The first is that there is a small group of catty, bitchy, snide, undereducated receptionists working on the second floor (at women's health) and her friend on the phone at the BlueCare team on the first that think what I experienced today is funny and even common place socially acceptable behavior towards GT students at their place of employment. First, I contend that the mandatory COVID screening I was forced to test negative for this morning/afternoon before being allowed to see the WH practitioner I have had an appointment with for over a month is a petty revenge tactic exercised at me because it can be done. Indeed, for the third time in a row at WH, I have forgotten to fill out my online paperwork, which meant the receptionist needed to step in and do her job. Today I stated that I have my GT password to login on my phone. She insisted on asking me the question routine herself anyway. I contend that this is harassment exercised by her towards me as an expression of grief at her workplace. Secondly, when I saw the appointment named physician at the WH gynecologist office, she was unconcerned about most aspects of my pending treatment in her field of specialty, up to and including the job of having Nicole import faxed records documenting my ongoing polycystic ovarian disease from my private practice general practitioner's office. She told me to follow up with her in 1-2 months, after I had been confined to an exam room alone without contact for nearly an hour. She refused to let me leave without confirming that I am not suicidal. In fact, I communicated to another (Baker) practitioner at WH not only my most recent list of medications being prescribed by Stamps psychiatry. She ignored my complaints of medication poisoning and disorientation, high BP and panic attack symptoms. Instead, I was made to feel intimidated by the possibility that they would have power over me in that office due to my mental health disability. And, the fear is real. Honestly, we should look up instances of the term "psychopath" in the DSM from trained specialists that did their residency in that area, and compare notes. THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!!!